African Sicilian refugees
migration center they all managed
live to get to Italy by
the Mediterranean now they expect
crossings permanent camp
this guy came from gambia on his
hand identification number which you
He gave the Italian authorities more than a year
worked in difficult conditions on
construction sites in tripoli to
save money on the way to Italy
Libya for African refugees
transit country here is illegal
the camps of the ferry to Europe expects almost
million people love arranges africa
lionesses use refugees in selfish
for purposes if you are black nobody you
respects
attitude to you is worse than to dog
third rocket
and windows grandfather they have no right not
work in Libya do not leave her people
ready to sail realizing that smugglers
don't care what happens to the passengers
Efanova sphere of refugee apartments
sent by boat in any weather
it does not matter, you can swim or not to
fight smugglers and avoid
new victims on the high seas and with
offers to build more in Libya
refugee camp
However, Sicilians do not believe that this
can change something sensuality
old pace crowning or people ca n't
live there forever their goal is to move in
Europe, back home, they, too, not
want otherwise they would never
We do not run away from porno Tusk before felling
kilburn
bite you skeptical about this idea
relate to the police and the city of Ragusa
this commissioner arrested almost 200 in a year
smugglers on the leader of the Libyan
the organizers of the slave him go out so
and failed and organizational names whether
and in Mumbai English or and of course
slavers don't want to get our hands on us
therefore, they often put the steering wheel
decrepit fishing schooners refugees themselves
and you decided the plot to be free stefan
the garden
the police collected a lot of stuff
illegal shipping of migrants
and yet in Italy to smugglers
faces no more than three years in prison
the Libyan transport organizer
there is nothing to be afraid of